Update readme file with workaround for cookies in next js projects (#87)
Kentico/kontent-smart-link: README.md

};
```

> Additionally, you may encounter an issue with `SameSite` cookies not being set correctly. This can be solved by utilizing the code snippet below in your `~/pages/api/preview.js` file to replace `SameSite=Lax` to `SameSite=None; Secure;`.

Reviewer: I would add information about the actual error - "`SameSite` cookies not being set correctly" is not easily findable (I haven't found it - though it is not part of the suggestion).

instead of `~/pages/api/preview.js` I would link Next.js [API route](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction)'s documentation, or even better - link [Preview Mode section](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/preview-mode) so that reader knows what the `~/pages/api/preview.js` route is - it is not reserved name for API route, it can be named by differently.

```suggestion
Additionally, you may encounter an issue with `SameSite` cookies not being set correctly. This can be solved by utilizing the code snippet below in your [API route handling preview](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/preview-mode) file to replace `SameSite=Lax` to `SameSite=None; Secure;` right after `res.setPreviewData` call.
```

```js

> const setCookieSameSite = (res, value) => {
>   const cookies = res.getHeader("Set-Cookie");
>   const updatedCookies = cookies?.map((cookie) =>
>     cookie.replace(
>       "SameSite=Lax",
>       `SameSite=${value}; Secure;`
>     )
>   )
>   res.setHeader(
>     "Set-Cookie",
>     updatedCookies
>   );
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const setCookieSameSite = (res, value) => {
  const cookies = res.getHeader("Set-Cookie");
  const updatedCookies = cookies?.map((cookie) =>
    cookie.replace(
      "SameSite=Lax",
      `SameSite=${value}; Secure;`
    )
  )
  res.setHeader(
    "Set-Cookie",
    updatedCookies
  );
};

export default function handler(req, res) {
  // ...
  res.setPreviewData({})
  
  // THIS NEEDED TO BE ADDED
  setCookieSameSite(res, "None");
  // ...
}
```
